Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Lately I’ve felt a lot of affinity with a character!
That character is the following!
Magikarp!
Magikarp is great! Right?
In Pokemon Snap, I couldn't take a good photo of it, but...
...Being so weak, he works with all of his strength to jump
And for me, who's working really hard while being in this white space
I feel sympathy for him!
I respect it a lot!
Having said that, in this occasion...
"Magikarp Jump"
I plan to play the game called this way
I'll be a Pokemon Master with Magikarp!
With the help of Magikarp, we'll both crush Pikachu, the infamous Pokemon
In that case, here I go!
Magikarp-tan!
Come here, man, you're adorable
Ah, man, you’re really adorable
This little one is my partner
Man, I like it a lot
Good, let's get stronger together, we’ll jump a lot and do our very best, yes?
We will laugh at those who make fun of us!
Eh? It’s adorable, right?
It's long mustaches are adorable, right?
Good, in that case, let's do a special training? Here I go!
Yes!
Very good!
(Hums "The Magikarp Song")
Man... it’s surreal
Eeeh? Incredible!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Didn't I reach the maximum it could count?
There's a lot of "9’s”
Resounding success! Ah, there’s a lot, right?
Eh? A lot of combat points went up!
(Combat Points in JP/ Jump Points in ENG)
Eh? It's incredible, right?
It's definitely thanks to... the power of my song?
"Listen to my song!" or something like that
Eh? Someone's getting close?
Hmm...?
"After a special training..."
*After a special training, an event can happen randomly*
Oooh! An event!
*Event: Mayor's massage*
Do I get a massage?
*Mayor Karp: Did you just finish a special training? Your Magikarp appears tired*
Ah, it's true, it's tired, right?
Even the scales are coming off
*Mayor Karp: Let me see, leave it to me, I’ll give it a special massage... Urya!*
"Leave it..." Oh! A massage!
You’ll do a massage to a fish?
Ah! When it gets a massage, it recovers, right?
Look! Look! It leveled up a lot!
Incredible!
Listen, in fact...
Ah
*Magikarp’s body has reached medium size*
It’s body grew! Right?
But it says “Rank 1”
"Even bigger..."
"When CP reachws over 1000..."
Ah, ah... 1k, like it said before, right?
Eh? It got very big!
Man, it got a lot stronger!
Mama is so happy...! Eh? Are there Pokeballs?
Ah, they give you coins
Man, you’ve grown in such a marvelous way, mama is really happy, really…
Eh? Isn’t it growing really well?
Good! Let's go to the special training
Ah, but, wait...
I already trained a lot, I want to try to go to the League and see up to where I can get
Last time, I reached up to 6 meters?
I’m quite sure that I can do it
You shouldn't hold back because your opponent is a female Magikarp
You take it on your arms!
It's adorable, it jumps energetically
Let's go forward! Ah, they have almost the same size
I can do it!
Jump! Magikarp!
How did I do? How did I do?
Man! It's a piece of cake! Right?
When they fall and go through the ground, it's really...
I did it! Oh, ten...! Ah!
...I did it around 3 times higher than last time
Incredible!
With this level, can’t I do the third round easily?
Ah!
Pikachu is waiting for me in the fifth round
Wait for me, I’ll finish you off!
Jump! Magikarp!
How did I do? How did I do? How did I do?
Ah!
Isn’t this too easy?
I expected nothing less of my Magikarp-chan
Man, it’s very easy, right?
I wonder if I can even pass the fourth round
I’ll go...
...And then train a bit more...
And finally I’ll finish Pikachu off completely!
Jump! Magikarp!
Ah! It's a piece of cake, right?
Eh? Ah! Aah!
Eh? Are you okay?
I knew it
In that case, I’ll make it eat more of this food that accumulated a lot here
And then I’ll go to a special training at once...
...And then I’ll go defeat Pikachu ♪
“Special Training"
Sand bags?
How are you supposed to...? What are you doing?
Really, why are you doing something like that to Magikarp?
It's unreal
It's jumping with all of its strength
He care for him a lot, right?
How adorable
Oh! Success!
Ah, but...
...It’s completely different to "Resounding victory", right?
It looks like I had a lot of luck last time
Oh! It leveled up! Yay!
Ah, Didn’t it reach the maximum level? Eh?
The level didn’t go up
I think I got up to level 12 before
What do you think? What do you think?
I leveled it up until it reached the maximum level
*Mayor Karp: At its current state, it can't raise
it's jump power any further*
Eh? That’s all?
*Mayor Karp: At its current state, it can't raise
it's jump power any further*
*Mayor Karp: For this Magikarp, this is its final League*
Ah, so then that's it? Eh?
Do I have to say goodbye to it...? Eh?
Do I have to say goodbye? Eh?
Is that what it referred to with the first generation? Eh?
*Mayor Karp: Try to get as far as you don’t leave any regrets!*
Eh?
What does that...?
What happens once it reaches the furthest it can go?
Do we need to say goodbye?
*Retirement: You reached the maximum level, so then Magikarp can’t grow any further*
"Retirement"
*Retirement: You reached the maximum level, so you can't make Magikarp can’t grow any further*
"So you can’t make Magikarp grow any further"
*Being at its best state, it should retire! Let's do the last challenge!*
Eeeeehhh?
Eh? Just when we’re about to defeat Pikachu!
Now it should retire?
I'll work hard in feeding it
We’ll both work hard together in the special training
The Magikarp that brought together so much perspiration, tears and young vigor
It needs to retire?
Ah, but this is the inevitable destiny, right?
It's sad but there's nothing more that I can do, right?
Eh? My opponent is a Magikarp... Ah!
Maybe Pikachu will appear once we defeat this Magikarp?
Magikarp...
It's sad but... let's do our best!
I'll make sure that you win!
I won't forget you
Eh? I don’t want to say goodbye to it! I don't care they can't keep leveling up!
Let's stay together...
Let's stay together this way, Magikarp
*Do your best!*
Of course I'll do my best, after all this is the fight for its retirement
Eeeeehhhhh?
Hmm...
One, two and...
Jump!
Magikarp!
What a relief! Ah! I won!
I did it!
We’ve won, Magikarp!
Hmm... We won, but...
Do I have to say goodbye to it now?
No, but not until we defeat Pikachu...
...Our ambition won't be fulfilled, right?
Eh? Eh?
Eeeehh?
Eh? It can't be, eh?
Ah, it's not that, what a relief, what a relief, I thought we had to be separated
Hurray, I won! I did it!
*Exp +2*
I did it!
I won!
"Friend medal recieved!"
Ah, you gain medals, I see
Yay!
"Congratulatioins! Friend League Champion"
"A commemorative photo has been stored in the album"
"Got 6 coins!"
"Got 25 diamonds!"
I've gotten coins and diamonds!
"Recieved Light Ball-" Hm?
Wait, aren't we going to defeat Pikachu?
"Received Light Ball!"
Hey, it's Pikachu
"Pikachu has come to the fish pond"
Pikachu has... Pikachu has... Pikachu has...
Huh?
Pika- Huh? Pika-
"This was his last match, Magikarp will retire!"
What!? No, no, no, no!!
Retirement!? No, no, no!
Eh? No! NO!
No, I don't like this, is he going to retire?
Noo!
Why must you make us separate the two of us?
Is this farewell?
I actually don't like this
Don't, like, label him "1st Generation"...
The only real Magikarp to me is this one
Nooo, this is actually like-
I don't want this, please stop?
If I win another, is that it?
I'm sad...
But!
I won't forget the medals we won together
And I won't forget you either...
"Generation change"? Why...
"Well done!"
"By growing your Magikarp to its limits, it seems you yourself has also grown a lot"
I guess that's right, master
My heart has... grown... a lot!
I guess with hard separations, people can grow
I can't really imagine a new one right now...
"Scale patterns you can fish"
Huh, they've different patterns
But no matter what pattern it is...
"I've prepared some lively Magikarp! Choose a fishish rod"
My Magikarp...
Can only be that one
These are all "tattered"! They're the same!
You can't easily catch one better than my Magikarp...
Wow!! Look at this, it has an amazing pattern!
What a lovely Magikarp!
"It appears to have a some individuality"
Yeah, it seems to have some white patterns, doesn't it?
Hmm? Isn't this much better than the previous one?
I choose you!
Oh, name? "Magikarp" is fine, "Magikarp"
Hmm?
It's so small *laughs*
I wonder if they're conversing, like "I leave Ai-chan to you" or something
Don't worry Magikarp
I'll get along just fine with the new Magikarp
So you sleep there
Oh, he watches over me!
So kind!
See ya!
Eh, there's a Pikachu
Eh?
Hold on
We don't fight?
Pokemon...
Pikachu...
That means...
He's a support Pokemon?
He helps with training?
What? What does that mean? By any chance...
Pikachu...
Are you...
Supporting...
Us..?
He gave me CP!
And...
Like, look
He's blinking his eyes and he’s watching over us with a kind gaze
What a kind child...!!
I've woken up
My feelings of yearning towards the infamous Pikachu
Was showing itself as ugly jealousy
For saying inappropriate things such as "crush Pikachu"...
Alongside with Magikarp, I would like to apologize!
I'm truly sorry!
"One must not forget their beginning humility"
Kizuna Ai learnt this teaching
Through "Leap! Magikarp"
While remembering these words every day
She will strive further onward
You're amazing Magikarp! Thank you Magikarp!
Translated by Wolvenspud, ととと, ロリコ, and Vortex